
            FTNd TODO list
            ==============

    These are a list of things that must be implemented one way or
    another. Some things are urgent and necessary to operate the bbs
    without human intervention, others are just for comfort, or nice.
    I think this list will always contain items, I only hope the urgent
    matters will be removed. Note that most of these were brought over
    from the MBSE BBS TODO, from which FTNd is derived.

    Classes:
         U = Urgent.
         N = Normal, second priority.
         L = Cosmetic or nice to have.
         W = Feature request.
         X = Will not be done unless it's really needed.

everything:
    N: At least for on Ubuntu, the scripts/installinit.sh identifies OS as Debian.
      I.E., it's only checking for '/etc/debian_version' which can also be present
      on Ubuntu and perhaps other Debian derivitives.

    N: Change build system from Autotools to CMake.

    N: One of the issues with the legacy code is that it is not FHS compliant
       and one big related issue is that the paths for the configuration data
       files are hard coded to be (currently)"$FTND_ROOT/etc/*.data".

    W: Long term solution for the issue with the hardcoded paths would be to
       create a function that provides the path for, for instance, the
       configuration data files instead of how it's currently being done.

    W: Once the code has been updated to be FHS compliant, the example/* files
       will need to be updated to reflect the changes as necessary.

    N: Are the JAM related files listed correctly for the copyright information?

    N: In BSO the i flavor should have been d flavor.

    W: Increase size of Unix usernames > 8. The limit on Slackware is 32
       characters, defined in utmp.h in UT_NAMESIZE

    W: Add personal message area.

    N: The ttyinfo.tty field is too short for NetBSD.

    W: Implement topic groups for file and message areas, with access level
       control.

    W: Switch to a database backend instead of using the *.data files. This can
       also solve some other limitations.

    W: An API could be added.

ftnbbs:
    W: OLR, implement file requests.

    N: Only count posted messages in local mail areas.

    X: OLR: include private email area in download packets. See also global
           wish for private mail areas.

    X: OLR: implement some global settings from the offline configuration.

    N: OLR: qwk, check netmail entered from reader, fido address missing?

    X: Implement kermit protocol, external versions don't work right.


ftnfido:
    N: Don't log an error if no file_id.diz is found.

    W: Check all .flo files for dead attachments.

    W: Check all .flo files for to old attachments.

    W: Count posted messages during mailscan.

    W: Code cleanup and make a structure in this program. Remove duplicate
       or similar functions.

    N: Process GoldED filerequest netmails with the filereq flag set, we
       should create a .req file with the contents of the subject line.

    N: Process To: and Cc: lines in messages gated from Fido to Internet.

    N: Investigate a method to scan and filter messages using the gateway.

    W: Add macro's for stats of all months.

    X: Implement file requests for directory nodes.

    W: Add %from command to areamgr/filemgr.

    W: Add netmail notification of changed areas.

    W: Make it possible to only virus scan the complete archives.

    W: Let ftnfido areas with a special switch update area descriptions.

    W: Send rulefile via netmail for each new connected mail area.

    W: Send notifications to downlinks about changed areas from uplink.

    W: Add statistic mail messages. Via AMC??

    N: Hatch statistics are not updated.

    W: Copy personal mail to a personal message area.

    W: Someday make retoss from bad possible (volonteers?).

    W: AreaMgr %rescan should auto connect disconnected areas.

ftncico:
    W: Implement binkp option ND and NDA.

ftnnntp:
    N: fetched mail doesn't get the status Rcvd if it was for the user.

    N: Do a better job for message linking by newsclients. This is a
       problem because we use the message nuftners and messages are
       sometimes renumbered. This will make some clients try to fetch
       the wrong messages because they cache the message id's.

    N: Lastread pointers are not updated.

    N: Investigate a method to scan and filter messages using the gateway.

ftnaff:
    W: Rewrite filefind search algorithm.

ftnsetup:
    N: On the 'Edit Registration Info' in ftnsetup, option 9 Newuser defaults to
      'bbs' instead of 'ftnbbs'. 

    U: Menu 7.x.4.1 password length too large?

    U: Add check for empty data files.

    N: Add a check for double areatag names. See MySQL plan.

    N: Use some sort of sorting for the system aka's and make sure the
       main aka with zone's is listed first. Having zone's mixed gives
       too high outbound stats and the outbound is scanned multiple times.

    N: Put ZMH fields in the network setup for each zone. Currently Z1-6.
       See MySQL plan.

    W: Add global setup in menus 9.1 and 10.1 at least to change uplink
       data.

    W: See if a check can be made in file groups setup for the areas file
       format, if a filegate list is installed and the filegate switch
       setting is wrong, a lot of wrong areas will be created.

